you know me the mystery helped seriously
transform
I grew up in a family where my father is extremely
negative about many things he
believed that the rich all robbed
he believed that everyone who has money
I was deceived as a child I believed that
if you have money it means you
bad man
money only from evil people that money on
trees do not grow and would still be so
cool phrase i'm what do you think rockefeller
so I grew up sincerely believe that life
hard that you have to fight all the time and
only after meeting with customer Stone
my life began to change
once he said
set a goal like that
achievement will be for you shocks I
I taught you how to do it I believe that
you will reach it well and at this time I
earned 8 thousand dollars a year and mine
desire was modest enough i
answered I want to earn 100,000
dollars a year I could not even imagine
I didn't have any idea how to do it
impossible strategies
but I said I will believe and act
as if this happens and emit during
impulse universe i did so among
other things he taught me every day
closes eyes and visualize goals
as if they were reached and i drew
bill of 100,000 dollars and attached it
on the ceiling to wake up in the morning
look up and she reminds
me about my aspiration after that i
closed his eyes and imagined his life
with such an income of 100 thousand dollars
but in 30 days in my life did not happen
no major events
no one offered me more money and
here all of a sudden in the shower later
four weeks I got the idea for 100
thousand dollars i by then wrote
book and told myself if sell all
circulation of 25 cents per piece will be 100,000
dollars the book was ready but this thought
didn't occur to me
so when it comes to you
inspired thought she needs to trust and
I didn't know how to produce 400000
copies of my book we are not so
did and then I saw the magazine national
and fire
I knew him but for me he was on
backyard and here he was in front of me and I
wondered if people would find out about my
book 400,000 would definitely go and buy a
a month later I spoke hunter college in
New York and I was approached alone at home and
said i would like to interview you
here is my business card I asked for what
editions most of the materials i
I'm typing in national
in clear
and in my head the music from
twilight zone
this system really works
magazine published an article and book sales
increased dramatically I want to say that I
himself drew his life these events
well, in general, in short that year I am 100
thousand did not work we got 92
thousand three hundred and twenty seven dollars you
think we began to say this system is not
working no we said amazingly
and my wife said if the system works
at 100 thousand work for a million i
answered do not know let's try and
the moment came when my publisher
paid me a fee for a book chicken
soup for the soul and painted a smiley because
that it was the first person in a million
which he wrote out so i'm on myself
made sure the mystery was working we had
the test worked on all 100 of this
thought i live every day of my life i
I can take